social post

June 12th!

Mark your calendars for a Wednesday the 12 of June, it's the next Ignite Talks Burlington! 

We are just gathering speakers now for the event, so please contact us with your idea or for more info, and ask a friend or coworker you may think would be interested!

https://ignitetalksbtv.wordpress.com/signup/


Check out out site for some more info about Ignite Talks:

http://ignitetalksbtv.com/


Hope to see you there!

#ignitetalksbtv



Ignite Talks Burlington Continues With Third Show at Vermont Comdey Club on June 12th

Ignite Talks (ignitetalks.io) is a presentation of speedy talks given by members of your local community. An extensin of TED and TEDx, Ignite Talks speakers are given just 5 minutes to express their story or idea with 20 slides that auto-advance every 15 seconds. 

The event's first two shows in Burlington have featured a wide array of participants from policial figures, CEO's, artists, athletes, health professionals, and more. The Vermont Comedy club has been the perfect venue to grab a cocktail and enjoy a smattering of sincere, comical, serious, and hearwarming stories. It's a great event to attend if you are already familiar with TED talks and would like to hear from members of your own community. 

There is no theme or limit to what anyone can present at Ignite as long as the format is followed. Currently the event is geared for an adult audience. 

Ignite's next event will be at Vermont Comedy Club on June 12th, starting at 7pm sharp - doors will open about 30 minutes prior but the bar is open before that. 

See ignitetalksbtv.com for more info.











Hello , 

Andra made your acquaintence at IGNITE NRG EVENT. I work with Andra to put on Ignite Talks Burnligtion, a public speaking series here in Burlington that is an extension of TED talks and follows a similar format. 

Our third event is coming up on June 12, and we would be so grateful if you were interested in speading the word around your organization or through your media outlets. And, if you or anyone you may know might be interested in giving a five minute talk to members of the community, we're still rounding out our list of speakers for the upcomming event. Even if we fill up, we will take any applicants for future events as well (quarterly so far). 

Please see our attached press release and don't hesitate to reach out with any ideas or interest. 



